add config flow to lutron integration (#30526)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/lutron.markdown

When configured, the `lutron` integration will automatically discover the rooms and their associated switches/dimmers as configured by the RadioRA 2 software from Lutron. Each room will be treated as a separate group.

> To use Lutron RadioRA 2 devices in your installation, you'll need to first create a username/password in your Lutron programming software. Once a telnet username/password has been programmed, you can use this My button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Lutron RadioRA 2 devices in your installation, you'll need to first create a username/password in your Lutron programming software. Once a telnet username/password has been programmed, you can follow the instructions from the next chapter.
```
